Kathleen Doe volunteered for four years in the Women's Health ward at ZBD Community Hospital, where I am head nurse. During this time, she was a dependable volunteer who never missed a shift.

Kathleen was an asset to the hospital. She was always cheerful and willing to assist with any task. In addition, Kathleen was motivated and interested in learning. To this end, she often accompanied our care teams on their rounds so that she knew the status and needs of each individual patient.

Kathleen is relocating due to family circumstances, and, unfortunately, we will no longer be lucky enough to have her services.

She will be missed and I highly recommend her to any future employer or volunteer organization.

It is my pleasure to recommend Jane Doe for admission to [name of program] at [name of university]. I am
a fifth-year Ph.D. student at the University of California, Berkeley. I came to know Jane when I was her
Graduate Student Instructor for Philosophy 111: Ethical Relativism, taught by Professor John Smith. The
course comprised [short description of course]. Jane distinguished herself by submitting an exceptionally
well researched and interesting project on ethical practices in ancient Greece. I would rank her in the top
2% of students that I have taught in the past five years in respect of her writing ability and research skills.
Overall, Jane is highly intelligent and has good analytical skills. Her project on ethical practices in ancient
Greece demonstrated her ability to come a detailed understanding of the ethical practices of another, very
different, culture, and to analyze the consequences of those practices for contemporary ethical theories. She
gave a particularly interesting discussion of the difficult practice of infanticide, and showed both sensitivity
and detachment when discussing its ethical consequences. Her overall intelligence is also reflected in her
grades for the course, which were by far the best in the class.
Jane has excellent communication skills. Her written work is both clear and concise, as well as interesting
to read. She demonstrated her oral articulateness in the discussion sections that were an integral part of the
course. Each discussion section focused on a particular ethical dilemma. Students were required analyze
morally problematic situations, and to develop and argue for their own ethical views with regard to the
issue in question. Jane was highly proficient in applying the course material in analyzing the problem
situations. She always explained her views very concisely and gave supporting arguments that were both
clear and persuasive. Jane also demonstrated good teamwork skills in group assignments.
At a personal level, Jane is a well disciplined, industrious student with a pleasant personality. She went
well beyond the course requirements in the quantity and quality of her project, putting in a lot of extra
research and attending office hours every week. Throughout the course, Jane demonstrated great
perseverance and initiative. Not only was she interested in and motivated to learn the material, but she also
put great work into assimilating it to her own experience and developing her own ideas about each ethical
topic that we discussed.


My name is Mr. Smith, and I have had the honor of teaching John in AP Literature and Composition at High School X, during which I noticed his impeccable character, discipline, and leadership. John is a self-motivated student who always went above and beyond in my class. It is a pleasure to recommend him.

John has an insatiable desire to learn, and he demonstrated this throughout his year in my class. His questions were insightful and eloquent, and he produced work that was far above that of the average student. John’s writing and research skills are phenomenal. For his final project, he produced a truly remarkable essay analyzing cultural identity in Jhumpa Lahiri’s The Namesake. John’s academic strengths are unparalleled, and I know he will be an asset to your institution.

John’s character is also impressive. He acts with generosity and compassion, and he is well respected by his peers and teachers alike. John is a natural leader, and he was such a joy to have in class.

As a learner and a leader, John is beyond exemplary. He has my strongest recommendation. Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions.


It is with great pleasure that I recommend Jill for admission to your institution. Jill is one of the strongest students I have taught in my 22 years of teaching, and I am beyond impressed by her academic performance and her leadership skills. Jill was in my AP Literature and Composition class, and I had the honor of coaching her on the High School X debate team. I am happy to recommend her, and I know that she will be a great addition to your university.

As captain of the debate team, Jill has spent countless hours conducting research and analyzing sources to prepare for our competitions. Her hard work and dedication led to her winning first place at the Iowa State Tournament this year. Jill not only has a strong aptitude for learning and debate, but she is also a strong leader. I watched her go beyond what is required of her to take students under her wing and help them become better debaters throughout our season. She is an incredible captain that understands the importance of leading by example and serving others. I firmly believe that both her personal and academic strengths will contribute greatly to your school.

Jill is an exceptional student, and she has my strongest recommendation. Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions.


It has been a pleasure to have Jason in my English classes over the past four years. Jason is an exceptional student, and I have long been impressed by both his academic and interpersonal skills. Throughout the years that I have known Jason, his natural curiosity and desire for learning, his maturity and leadership, and his desire to serve his community have been remarkable. He has my strongest recommendation for admittance into your institution.

In my AP Literature and Composition class, Jason wrote some of the most insightful papers I have read in my 12 years of teaching. I was blown away by his analytical skills and his ability to make connections between different texts. His paper on Toni Morrison’s Sula, was one of the most incredible pieces of student work that I have ever had the joy to read.

Jason’s personal strengths are also strong. He treats his peers and teachers with respect, and he is one of the most compassionate and gracious students I have had in class. Jason is a strong applicant, and I know he will be the perfect addition to your university.

Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions.

I am pleased to write a letter of recommendation for Jane. She has excellent communication, writing, speaking, and presentation skills. I believe she can be an excellent mentor one day.

I have known Jane since 2 years. She was a student of creative writing program in my college. I have seen her writing articles for different magazines, which were a huge hit. You can search the articles by doing a simple Google search of her name.

It would be beneficial for any organization to hire Jane as a creative writing instructor. I highly recommend her services.

I am writing to recommend Andy Neeson for his admission to ABC College.

I have been Andy Neeson’s supervisor at Macy’s for a little over a year now and have been impressed with his ability to delve deep into his work on a number of occasions. In the role of a sales representative, Andy has done more than his share of work. Some of his main attributes are his persistence and diligence, sometimes even ranging with obsession at work.

Owing to Andy’s accuracy and meticulousness, we have never had cause for concern where both sales and marketing activities are concerned. On his own initiative, Andy handled item stocking duties according to the 4 Ps of marketing, which brought about a great response from our customers.

Andy is not interested in pursuing a degree in business, a niche which I am positive he is well able to handle. His assiduity and devotion to work are bound to make him a great contributor in class and I am positive that he will graduate with flying colors. As a student, you will find him intelligent and absolutely focused, a quality which is a rarity nowadays.

I give Andy my highest recommendation for enrollment in the business program in your college, without reservation. Please feel free to contact me at (000) 333-3333 for any further information.