She's produced an extraordinary year-long thesis paper.

I had the pleasure of teaching Alex in her 11th grade honors English class at Mark Twain High School. From the first day of class, Alex impressed me with her ability to be articulate about difficult concepts and texts, her sensitivity to the nuances within literature, and her passion for reading, writing, and creative expression- both in and out of the classroom. Alex is a talented literary critic and poet, and she has my highest recommendation as a student and writer.

Alex is talented at considering the subtleties within literature and the purpose behind authors' works. She's produced an extraordinary year-long thesis paper on creative identity development, in which she compared works from three different time periods and synthesized cultural and historical perspectives to inform her analysis. When called upon to give her thesis defense in front of her peers, Alex spoke clearly and eloquently about her conclusions and responded to questions in a thoughtful way. Outside of the classroom, Alex is dedicated to her literary pursuits, especially to poetry. She publishes her poetry in our school's literary magazine, as well as in online magazines. She is an insightful, sensitive, and deeply self-aware individual driven to explore art, writing, and a deeper understanding of the human condition.

Throughout the year Alex was an active participant in our discussions, and she always supported her peers. Her caring nature and personality allow her to work well with others in a team setting, as she always respects others' opinions even when they differ from her own. When we held a class debate about gun laws, Alex opted to speak for the side opposite her own views. She explained her choice as motivated by a desire to put herself in other people's shoes, view the issues from a new perspective, and gain a clearer sense of the issue from all angles. Throughout the year, Alex demonstrated this openness to and empathy for the opinions, feelings, and perspectives of others, along with shrewd powers of observation, all qualities that makes her outstanding as a student of literature and burgeoning writer.

I am certain that Alex is going to continue to do great and creative things in her future. I highly recommend her for admission to your undergraduate program. She is talented, caring, intuitive, dedicated, and focused in her pursuits. Alex consistently seeks out constructive feedback so she can improve her writing skills, which is a rare and impressive quality in a high school student. Alex is truly a stand-out individual who will impress everyone she meets. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions at callmeclemens@gmail.com.

Sincerely,

Ms. Scribe
English Teacher
Mark Twain High School