I've known Alex for three years, since she was a student of mine in 10th grade U.S. History II 
HONORS. It is my privilege to write a letter of recommendation for Alex Bloom. Alex performed 
admirably and consistently remained on the tasks that were assigned to her. She competed each 
task with a very optimistic personality.

In addition to the class objectives, Alex brought many ideas and stories to my class. Her 
attention to detail is very evident, flawless, and ever growing. I assess all of my students 
thoroughly throughout the course of the year and Alex always sticks out as a dynamic and 
organized student. In short, Alex is a pleasure to have in class...a true role model for her 
fellow students. Also, Alex has maintained a very demanding extra-curricular schedule. 
Her commitments outside of the classroom have been the following: member of the 
National Honor Society; member of the UNICEF club where she organizes fundraisers; 
Alex volunteers at the Sigal Museum in the City of Easton; and she is employed as a 
customer service consultant of CVS. In her free time, Alex enjoys babysitting and being a 
big part of her younger siblings' lives, showcasing her strong, committed, and responsible 
personality to her family and fellow peers.

Alex always greets me upon entering class. Her consistent happy and optimistic 
personality instantly made a very strong impression on me. Her enthusiasm for my class, 
along with other classes, has developed Alex into the strong student she is today. I am 
convinced she will bring this mentality with her to your university.

Without hesitation, I recommend Alex Adel Bloom for future studies and/or future 
employment where applicable. There can be no stronger recommendation. Alex has a 
tremendous talent and energy that will be an asset to any future campus or places of 
employment she so desires.

If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at (610) 250-2400 or 
my email at falconebrikastonsd.org.

Sincerely,

Mr. Bryan K. Falcone
History Department Chair 
AP Government and Politics 
Assistant Football Coach 
Easton Area School District