To Whom It May Concern:

Alex Bloom is a prime example of how a student can push social boundaries and adapt to 
any given environment. Her creativity, versatility, and ability to persevere illustrates how 
Alex has been so successful at Easton Area High School. Not only does she set an 
example for her peers in her academic achievements, Alex also inspires others through 
her continual desire to grow as an individual outside of the classroom. With this idea in 
mind, Alex possesses admirable qualities that are bound to leave a positive and lasting 
impression in any group or environment she is placed in.

Moreover, Alex is a compassionate student who has capitalized on her opportunities 
after discovering her potential. Although she was successful academically during her 
freshman year, Alex was bound by the shackles of social stereotypes. However, after 
realizing how her skills and innate tendencies positively affected her peers, Alex was 
able to turn herself into the person she wanted to be instead of the person society wanted 
her to be. This not only highlights her inclination to broaden her perspective, but also her 
tendency to challenge the status quo and gain the respect of her peers, teachers, and 
administrators.

On the other hand, after discussing with Alex about her passion for coding, business, 
and humanitarianism, I discovered her ability to also be incredibly proactive. This was 
evident in her accomplishments as vice president of the United Nations Children Relief 
Fund (UNICEF) club, her numerous hours that were spent volunteering, and her 
achievement in placing 2nd regionally in the Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) 
competition. Her ability to balance so many extracurricular activities, while maintaining 
the top 2 % position in her graduating class, shows how Alex is an example of how 
success can extend beyond academia.

All in all, Alex would make a wonderful addition to your campus community. Please 
feel free to contact me if you have any questions regarding her character or commitment 
to her education.


Warmest Regards,

Ikechukwu Okorj
School Counselor